hello friends I'm gonna have to get my
hair texture eyes this is the product
that I purchased that used to be it will
be a better white right there yes this
is my first time doing that so I had to
call a friend because I don't sell my
here this is the one that's gonna be
done my hair is there know what applying
some moisturizer from pink lotion around
the hair right so that to irritate now
you are ready to supply the escrow to
six-feet styling blowout cream all right
so now we're gonna mix the I'm in a
burner just let me know because I'm
gonna go and do this fast picking okay
Nelson Lee is beginning to apply the
texturizer to my hair
and when is it time to get into I'm
gonna get sex but they even know let's
say you do it like that
like I've said regular touching but you
don't want to do it like it irritates
your scalp so would they put the own oh
yeah so much it's like Oh God it's
invited my here too oh it's a cute baby
into this curl that is going on and Mac
if you see the asses mm-hmm now that the
product has been in for about maybe 20
minutes 2025 minutes
we are now ready to wash the texturizer
out and this will be washed one
now we have begun
wash the hair for the second time
you
hello welcome now we're applying this
styling spray
you
now we're applying this styling gel that
was also provided for us in the box with
the texturizer
okay I'm gonna take the camera on the
show well we have done here okay so as
you can see gonna have some it's just
going on here
in the back mm-hmm there we go
look it's not focused I don't know if he
wants a coal minute I want it I would
just let it dry like this and I would
also recommend that you get some more
styling gel solar on a daily basis when
you wake up anyone go to jail in it you
know this is gonna tutorial on how to
accessorize your here this is my first
time doing it yes but thank you for
watching bye say bye